10.17 Announcements update (#229)
SoftwareAG/c8y-releasenotes: content/release-10-17-0/announcements-10-17-0.md

The change is enforced by performance reasons.

> ##### Announcing API changes in the Application API (REST API and Java SDK)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Change in the Application API (REST API and Java SDK)
```

In a future release, we will remove the “resourcesUrl” field from the application API (both REST API and java sdk). The “resourcesUrl” is a legacy field, and the functionality behind it was removed. 

> This change should not affect any user in a negative way, nor break an existing functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This change will not affect any user in a negative way, nor break an existing functionality.
```
